beautiful uptown Burbank in the heat of the night with the whole world on fire
around us as ash rains slowly down on all of our cars and into our hair
Harmontown is in session
let's bring out a beloved game master Spencer Crittenden and the mayor of Harmon
down Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What's up, Dan? It's not bad mood. It's gonna be a bad show.
Aside from being hot in the world becoming a horrible hellfire of crap, what's your
problem? I don't know. I was I was in a good mood like like all week because I
it was kind of a I guess it was a thing because it was like you know this is
the hurricane in Texas and there's I don't know if you guys heard about that.
Have you guys heard of a hurricane in Texas? And in Bangladesh too like wait
right was that in the beginning? You know and suddenly you go like okay well I
have my health I have my property there's no alligators in my living room like you
and you put you in a kind of a good mood like I was in a good mood but I think
that it's like an artificial good mood because it's derived from other people's
misery it's like you're that that whole thing where you're like well I have my
health and I'm gonna live it each day like it's my last like I think that's
like taking ecstasy I like crashes because now I'm just miserable and I'm
like it was all triggered by me it was all triggered by me losing my second
pair of those fucking airpods I lost the first pair like and then I made Spencer
go find me another pair I think those things are like 200 bucks I got a pair I
haven't used they're still in the packaging you want those oh give this is
perfect yeah why do you you don't want them or something normally I can see
Spencer but tonight like there's a different layout where I can't see
Spencer through you I assume they know what they're doing oh they know Spencer
are you farther upstage than normal aren't you more downstage normally I'm
hiding behind Dan you've been doing that you've been doing that your whole
career Spencer yeah oh damn you've been your mom I've been my mom yeah oh that
explains so much can I can I start off the show it's a little interesting thing
that I think is interesting maybe nobody else does sure a guy that I kind of know
is an actor who hangs out at the world-famous drawing room bar and grill
except for the grill part I he we were talking and he goes hey you like old
movies I go yeah and he goes I'm friends with some old movies people that we go
on a walk every Saturday in Beverly Hills they're a little older they're
like in their 80s and as we go on a walk do you want to go have a walk I walked in
the park and spoke one-on-one with Anne Margaret today what yeah I was just
watching her in Anthony Hopkins magic is that right yeah I just saw her last we
just watched Cody and I just watched Magic last night with Anthony Hopkins and
Anne Margaret I started the day walking around with her and she's adorable and
she had it was so cute because her glasses were like shit is cool little
framed like glasses but they were on really crooked and I made it made it so
good and we were just walking and this is a group of people that are like like
old like dancers and show people and comedians and two people that weren't
there that were supposed to be there but they're gonna come another time are
and squiggy Charlie Brill and Mitzi McCall who are a husband and wife comedy
team that were the the act before the Beatles came out on the first Ed Sullivan
show and that so it's this weird old world but they didn't come today I'm
gonna meet them because I can't wait but I just at one point I'm walking
through a park in Beverly Hills Homely Park and it's just and I'm so and like
are you from here where you from it's born in Sweden and yet you still speak
Swedish and she just started talking in Swedish you mean like and Margaret's
talking Swedish it was the best we just sat down and she's the sweetest nice
est person and we started talking to you like what's chosen you got what's funny
on TV right now so I started saying well my favorite thing is is a toast of
London and someone else because oh I love the IT crowd I go we just I just met
Graham Linehan and I and then we all just sat there and watched like on like on
phones we just watched like clips of Matt Berry drink toast of London and we're
all dying laughing well well Burbank raged I mean it's crazy like Texas is
underwater and people by the way where were you guys last week like do you
love boxing that much you drove toward a forest fire to get here tonight
there's they probably packed last week there were eight people here it was like
what I didn't know you guys were such MMA fans what's up you want more shoe
jokes oh yeah is that the sex the previous week because it was like oh
Dan overestimated the number of Nazis so so then you guys didn't show up and
then we unpacked the Schrab box again and now now you're all back guess what I
asked him to come back and he said fuck you wait your friend you know you know
who else doesn't want to come back kumail why don't you suck his dick
some more in the reddit yeah these people don't like you I do kind of a
little bit if you like me counts for nothing solicited Dan I said I would
give you my AirPods okay I mean it's just like obviously wasn't a thing
okay Cody Cody's got me on the verge of breaking up with me because I just like
I was just like I was in a pleasant mood I was learning about mind-mapping
software and my my iPad and I was like I'm gonna listen to some tutorials I
don't want to wake up Cody and I was like oh I lost the fucking AirPods again
literally had them for for one day yeah I lost the last pair every time you buy a
pair of these things you just feel like the dumbest shit face in the world
because they suck they're awful dumb and things but I then I lost the first pair
and I was like I miss them I don't want to tangle the cords anymore I was like
ah it was like the after the first time you fly first class and then you try to
fly coach and you're like my knees hurt and I just think my fingernails are
dirty again and I just like I don't understand why I went to the dentist and
I teeth are you know decaying it's no big surprise there like like not they're
not that bad actually my family has very strong enamel but but but you know
they're calling out the distance in millimeters between each tooth and I
got a couple fives and there which means oh five five that's that's that's that's
gum trouble baby four or four or five you know in a couple of them I'm gonna five
is way the fuck I gotta get the deep laser cleaning I gotta you know and
they're telling me she pointed the thing she said like look you know there's
been some there's been some damage here just some bone material I'm like well
I'm 44 and but but I'm just like but my fingernails are gonna be there the day
they bury me why do that why do your teeth fall out and rot but your fucking
dumb-ass fingernails what are we gonna fight lions what what is the purpose of
these what is the point of these they just they get gross you know I was I was
a comic-con one year and I was like sad walking around and some young lady was
like Dean Harmon I'm a big fan and I took a she wanted to take a picture with
me and I took a picture like got behind her and kind of like had my hands on her
shoulders and then I like Sara and it's our Instagram like you know a week later
and and it was like me posing with her and she was like I met Dan Harmon at
Comic-Con hashtag dirty fingernails and she was right like that's gross it's
gross you know it makes me flash back to math class of my third grade math class
with Mrs. Jackson I probably talked about her before she if you're nasty
she she she called me up and gave me a brush and said Daniel go wash your
fingernails go in the whole class wait wait were you changing somebody's
oil no I'm Dan Harmon I changed the world's oil I just I don't change I
don't change my own oil you know I don't I don't I don't bathe I don't clean
myself enough I'm so sorry you know to take me to Golgotha oh the dirty kid
like I'll show you all but then I didn't show anybody I'm I just keep losing my
AirPods like it was what is there is no there is no recourse to happiness I
spent 44 years like trying to secure like like like a place of power and
comfort and then fucking Nazis have you joke have you looked for your earpods
in your whiskers they might have just kept in caveman inside there you might
have like a rake in there or is like something like lost keys
my stomach hurts I ate at that shit hole over I guess I shouldn't mention it
yeah don't that unnamed shit hole I know but I know because I know they get
what is the name yeah the people are with fans of Rick and Morty well no
they're there I mean everyone's a fan of Rick and Morty so that could mean a lot
of places and nothing specific yeah I just what kind of cuisine was it like
don't say that wait it's so specific that we would know what it was it was a
country that speaks a language that we do American well yes in a matter of
speaking is it a Burbank establishment yeah it's that British place I'm
Burbank they just oh yeah I tried it's always like four old dudes Burbank is
so fucked up man you got to you're gonna drink it the day that the day that
Obama was like giving his farewell speech I was at a bar in Burbank and and
these fucking old dudes were like muttering like the n-word into their
cocktails like this place is Burbank's fucked up man and now it burst into
flames it's fucking couldn't take it it was like I can't as I was like I was
driving to Burbank and straight into fire and I was like same-page club I
get you Burbank it's like like Burbank's reflecting reality right now
everyone else is just living a lie I want to just I want to I want to I want
to I want to get my friend the guy whose name is pizza and when I use I'm gonna
get this desert property and I'm like the thing I just need to figure out how
to desalinate water right like I need to actually and then also I need to bring
an ocean to the desert I just don't you think there's a way to like I guess the
reason oh yeah just go out like you don't want to build a fence because then
if he's everyone's every scavenger see a fence then they'll go like oh there
must be something on the other side of the fence right like buy a random spot
in the desert they got a phone booth looking like regular random desert and
then like there's a spot where you like you point a clicker and it goes there's
like solar panels that no one can see from a distance they're just like sea
level solar panels and you only expose them to charge your big battery under
the ground and then and then you you go down there and there's like hydroponic
soy maybe yeah a couple record album yeah and you could a couple record
albums I don't know what are your what are your what are your deserts not island
record albums you know Genesis invisible touch what are your deserted aisle
hydroponic crops soy oh Dan you get to in your desert
commune you get to you get two records you chose those well Genesis invisible
touch is one album that's one you get another one you can choose that later you
get to choose one living person that we don't like that you've never met and one
dead person that you've never been sir yeah you've never met Spencer yeah so
somebody you've never met that's alive okay and then somebody you've never met
this dead to be part of your your desert hangout don the dragon Wilson he's a
kickboxing champion just for security yeah although he's probably old now so
okay forget that Seamus the WWE wrestler is that Seamus Kong McGregor
is that his real name oh no that's right Seamus is his wrestling name okay and
he's a he likes Rick and Morty so he's got a big red beard and I figured he
could probably yeah so Annie's mad you didn't pick her she's walking up I met
her all right she always get that seat did she get her that early she's always
fucking conan people wait did she say that was her that's that's not a joke
other people can be kids all right so yeah well there was a guy FaceTiming
what is with the I don't think anyone in this audience has ever done this what
is through the people who FaceTime in public they're just like and crank it up
and it was just a guy sitting at the bar and there was just this this woman it
seemed like I made some assumptions it seemed like she was like a male order
bride or something like she was like had a really thick accent and he was just
like staring at her like he and she was just going like okay I love you I love
you like like but he wasn't saying anything it was just like staring at
her it was weird it was like I don't know if she was checking in on him or him
on her but it was like one of them thought the other one was like an animal
that you just monitor you know it was just like okay love you don't drink too
much like like what do you do why do why you share how boring does your life
have to be if you're willing to like have a phone call in public and let
everyone see you're the person you're talking to I was it like sitting at the
bar like at the Delta terminal like flying out of LAX and I was you know like
like an idiot I bring a book to a bar and I get mad when people are loud and
and aren't respecting my my library time and it's not it's not rational but
there was a girl next to me who was FaceTiming with his sister at the top
volume and the sister was coming in through top volume they were just the
happiest sisters in the world like we're both bad people like I'm the guy that
wants everyone to shut the fuck up you're the person that wants everyone to
never have a book ever like everyone else in the world is always just like uh-huh
yeah all over their phone and then every once in a while I'll like pick up as
and as I'm leaving the restaurant like it's a crying baby you know cuz I'm so
concerned with what other people think like I'll still like get some dirty look
and someone I go like did you take that outside what do you think I'm going why
does this only happen to me okay to take those people and put them in the same
room as these people that I have to put up with why is it why does God hate me
like the only person that's having a good life is Donald Trump and like
where we're almost a year into like living in this shadow of this of this
insane person you know it's almost been a fucking year that means that you could
spend a year just not doing anything like you could just spend a year going
like I'm gonna learn French or I'm gonna I'm gonna make a birdhouse like
there's no bad way to spend a year we just spent it fucking like raising an
autistic president I'm so sorry to my autistic fan base that I just mean I
don't mean like he doesn't have the honor of being called autistic I don't
mean he has autistic traits I just mean like he's like having like an autistic
kid like like a three-year-old why is that you eat my fucking shit out of my
ass like you because you like because you said not up to controversy I
already said autistic and apologize for it and move on not the not the accurate
physiological part of the autism just the annoying offensive part of the
autistic that's the kind of autistic he is I think that's what I'm talking about
I'm saying like if you talk to parents that have autistic children they may
love them or hate them but it's it's hard to raise them they acknowledge that
it's a challenge they're not like this is a snap none of them I think your
mustache and whiskers are doing most of the driving right now I think it's
changed I think it's liberated a part of you that maybe shouldn't have been
liberated or maybe should have been I don't I mean do we are we really
policing each other for defensiveness anymore there's a rapist in the White
House he's a Nazi what go talk to him I'm a saint stop yelling at each other
about hurting your feelings just because there's a fucking dude that doesn't
give a fuck sitting on the throne of King's Landing eating babies that you
can't talk to that you can't wag your finger at that has no shame stop taking
it out on each other that you fucking insane how fucking heightenedly I thought
we would relax I thought the one good thing would be oh we elected a rapist
Nazi looks like political correctness is gonna shift into neutral no no not at
all no quite the opposite let's all start in fighting about pronouns and
fucking gender fluidity more than ever microaggressions just became nano
aggressions hi Jane how are you thank you for coming my friend Jane is always a
micro pleasure let's let's make sure that we recognize that you just compared
children with autism to Nazi rapists you equated them a little bit yeah well I
mean maybe by some like transitive property of math that I that I don't
even understand like I got a 30% of my ACTs this is a midwestern equivalent of
the SATs math I'm like I'm like I'm like dumber than normal people in math
isn't that crazy given how smart I am about you know in other areas I just
get such a big kick out of that I'm so stupid sometimes in some ways isn't that
crazy anyways so can we talk about wait let me I want to make sure okay yeah
well what's with the new okay so like you guys ever like you take a ride share
service like I guess I'm gonna expose myself as like yeah I have lapsed back
into ubers why did that happen did you try lift and not like it yeah I like to
charge my phone mm-hmm lifts you can charge your phone yeah how many lifts
did you take to prove that I don't like four or five there had to be some reason
I don't know I think a lot of lift drivers have little phone chargers there
was a guy who made me take my foot off his seat like which I thought it was so
weird because it was a lift and not an Uber it was like a fucking Acura or
something and he was like could you put lower your foot from my seat and I was
like what was your foot was like you're crossing your leg and it was like sit on
my foot you know like you're kind of sometimes isn't that really uncomfortable
no I mean what I think it's just I think I'm compensating maybe for like 40
years of a wallet I don't know I don't know why it is so I like to tuck my
little footsie under when he's one of my butt cheeks sometimes and he said get
your get your street pavement foot off of my anyways I'm sorry sorry I take sorry
I take Uber sometimes but but the the the this is thing where they'll go they'll
drop you off and then they'll give you a business card they'll try to like
indoctrinate you into their own like private business like they're like oh
take my card so like if you want to if you want to get a ride for me again
don't use the service that arranges everything like take my business card
of like call me on a regular phone and like what what are they how is that
gonna take off I've never experienced you don't it seems like everyone's doing
that now they drop you off and they go by the way here take my card when you if
you want to get picked up like take my card like why would I there's an app that
and so and I was like well I'm gonna make this guy's day I he dropped me off at
the at the shitty British restaurant here in Burbank and and he was like hey
remember me I was that guy that gave you that card I'm like oh yeah yeah do you
have another card because this time actually this might work because I'm
gonna eat here and then I'm gonna just be driving a couple of blocks over to
the starburns castle and he's like oh that was done no that makes no sense for
me
well okay so it's based on logic then don't give me a business card when I've
met you through a hologram don't ever give anybody a business card I've never
ever used one that it's basically just things to go in my trash can yeah I
don't call them I've never needed one I've never wanted one they have a whole
culture based on them in Japan you know there maybe not still the whole culture
is based on business cards well no I'm just saying like they have a whole like
like you know that was like 90s Japan at least when I was learning Japanese and
Marquette University they were explaining the whole business card you
study Japanese and Marquette for like a semester
can anybody verify or do oh yeah well there's a lot of white Japanese people
here we get a lot of anime fans and what did you say just just for my own
curiosity a little Japanese which is not true but I could only say that that's
technically true beer oh no me my show car should we drink beer how do you say
yes hi I never I thought I knew everything about you I didn't know
you studied Japanese but what was the end game on that one I just I dropped
out of my freshman year college because I just like I was cutting classes and
that just yeah this is sad I remember like there was some exam and I like I
was like a baby like I like pretended my mom was sick or something like this is
like you're an adult like just just fucking leave college like what are you
trying to like make excuses no but you chose Japanese because you wanted to
learn Japanese or you're gonna yeah translator I think at the time I thought
maybe I should I should learn how to sell my dad's company like at the time
the Japanese were like the Chinese of the time you know they were like the
big financial thing all the time magazine covers were like you know had
like a like a gay show woman with a microchip and a suitcase you know I
like cover like the new threats land of the rising Nasdaq I like grumpy Dan
you're I like you when you're a little surly I hate society every single human
being like me even in the how cool you think you are right now I fucking hate
you and I've said I'm sick I'm sick of here absolutely the press like
vilifying Antifa like I don't have to suck their dicks or anything but it's
like there's a couple of kids out there that are like willing to be bullies
back towards Nazis if we didn't have them we wouldn't have anybody that was
scaring Nazis give him some slack they're anarchists you know I had when I
was younger I had these foreign exchange students and one of them was his dad was
like from bass country and he was apparently like a freedom fighter against
like Spain or some shit and the other guy was a Russian and he was part of an
anti-nazi gang that would beat the shit out of neo-nazis and it was when I was a
young boy and I remember I told this to everyone I came across and everyone
thought it was really badass what changed it's just cowardice man it's like
okay I'm sorry there's an extreme form of being afraid of Nazis like it doesn't
mean it's like this advocacy for just complacency just fucking pisses me off
it's like lately you're not gonna accomplish I'm so sick of it like
people act like it's based on logic or something it's not it's just fucking
I'm not I'm not a hero either but like stop stop dressing up your fucking
regular ass yellow belly with like a spock face you know like hmm well it
wouldn't really make sense did nothing fucking make sense it doesn't make sense
nothing it's it's fucking it's not politics it's not debate it's not it's
fucking like it's like it's it's it's it's fucking scary that you know how all
20 year olds are dumbasses don't you want some dumbasses to be not Nazis
like like it's kind of easy to be a Nazi when you're a dumbass we should thank
Christ some people who still want to fucking scrap it up actually have the
balls to be like plus I don't want to be a Nazi thank God thank you kids like I
really appreciate it because I'm fucking old my back hurts I can't I can't if I
throw a rock I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be in a hospital for a week
people's parents will be suing me I you know I gotta just sit in my house and
take shits and and and and you know I'm just gonna I'm targeting 60 and I'm
just gonna fucking kill myself if I'm not dead and but like so just just like
just you're gonna be one of those people that starts saying I'm gonna kill
myself in their 40s and you're gonna end up being 80 and we're all gonna say
fucking didn't do it are you encouraging Dan to kill himself you're gonna be
like Dorothy Parker oh yeah really 83-year-old Dorothy Parker I can talk a
lot of shit back in your 40s about killing yourself well also if you're 16
and you're listening don't take that again it's like you're having a you're
having a bad day like I am especially if you're one of those autistic Nazi
rapists out there no no don't kill yourself if you're depressed this too
shall pass it's a serious issue you know a lot of kids write me on my tumblr you
know Dan's depression is mostly ear pot based like if anything kids if you're
depressed right now you know like like just think about it this way like I'm
confirming for you at 44 that like there are bouts of of feelings and I don't you
know want to be talked out of how you feel but I'm just saying like this too
shall pass like it's like your moods do control they're like very real your
feelings are real they're just not reflective of reality you know what I
mean like your feelings should be very respected and taken seriously but then
there that you don't have to like you can you can acknowledge that you feel
really really sad and that could be the most important thing going on in your
life you don't have to then connect that to reality by saying like therefore I'm
gonna do this or that which you know do as I say not as I do all right but you
know if you're young I'm saying you know you're just you're just sticking out I
promise it'll be it'll it's gonna be great fucking that's not no it's not
gonna be great I know that's not the reason to not kill yourself it's life
is a fucking shit sandwich it's gonna it's not gonna end up delicious but just
like eat it and because I'm telling you no I'm gonna kill myself you fucking just
just just I'm telling you I'll be in it I'll be in a better mood again next week
and then we'll have fun together eating the shit sandwich like the fire will
have moved down here we'll roast some marshmallows do you want to go our
friends from Texas will now be refugees that'll be an ironic twist Dan do you
want to show you up if maybe you could go have a walk in the park with Ann
Margaret at some point sure yeah I can yeah I mean like boy that magic movie you
get a lot magic it's the movie's called magic it's Anthony Hopkins is a magician
and he becomes a ventriloquist and he's a he's a wonderful ventriloquist that
he's crazy either the or the dolls real and then like the movies all over and
Cody goes like wait I don't understand aren't ventriloquist comedians they're
not magicians I'm like yeah that's what it's something off about this movie the
outside again what the fuck wait why was he a magician and then he like picked up
a dummy it was like I'll try this magic trick that's not the category that
ventriloquist it's a it's a comedy act that people were and that movie's weird
man it's actually it is worth watching though like Anthony have you seen Viva
Las Vegas yeah of course yeah that movie with Elvis that movie's pretty insane
because there's a big car race at the end and then people die there's a big
car wreck but it's this open like old-school hot rod like race cars where
there's no cockpit that you're just a dude with a helmet sticking out the top
and when you flip over your head comes off and it's pretty bad a lot of people
seem to crash and burn and die and then it cuts straight to Elvis and then
Margaret just hey Viva Las Vegas the end credits that's that's it there's no
fucking there's no requiem for all the fucking people that just got murdered
and they don't waste a moment of sadness before they start dancing that would be
amazing if like they started dancing and instead of going to the credits it
just like slowed down and faded to like grayscale and then said like to like it
had a dates and stuff all the drivers deal deal Earnhardt and there was deal
Earnhardt senior senior and then the way senior passed away as they were in the
same race and he was like boxing out his son his son was in the lead or like in
second place and his dad was behind him and he was like boxing out competitors
it's like protecting his son you know giving his son some space to and then
his daddy fucking flipped out and got killed I don't really and then his son
didn't win but he had an excuse like if anybody was like you didn't win he's
like my dad died yeah so yeah junior was in the race when his father died I
thought yeah I don't think so that's what Mike Waldron told me take it up with him
now who told you that Mike Waldron from Atlanta I think he said my brother and
I was like what no no I think it's just Dale senior went into a wall and did
his and he broke his neck and that was that I don't think junior was in the
race well I don't think he was okay well you know I don't want to fucking
argue in here I mean is it any for Japanese people know how about NASCAR as
well huh he was in the race holy shit that's fucked up the way you emphasized
was made it seem like you you were bursting at the seams to say but
everything else Dan saying is bullshit like he was in the race he's backing
you up man I'm not sure he is that's kind of a half backup you it's like a
day hard senior backup we got to get this mustache that's I've been thinking
that this whole time you know the mustache yeah the mustache is fucking
you you think I just found out I can't get rid of it I got I gotta grow my
beard around it because they might need me to come back any minute I'm like a
fireman I'm like I'm a hold oh boy I gotta grow my beard around it how's that
gonna work isn't the mustache gonna always be ahead of the beard now could
I I'm gonna look like a like a schnauzer
I'm not terriers I don't know which dog I'm thinking of like a Scottish
terrier you're kind of a Scotty look like a Scottish terrier can you can you
bark like a Scottish dog like how would a Scottish dog bark like bark with a
Scottish accent
I knew you could do it I knew you could do it can I take a little room's attempt
to put me in a good mood is pathetic everything you've tried is can I put
myself in a good mood because well I wasn't a kind of a shit mood so I was
being grouchy today as well but I want to talk about your shirt just for a
moment because Dan Dan's shirt has a picture of Dorothy Zbornek and Blanche
what's her last name Devereux not Dubois I almost said Dubois you know it's from
Golden Girls and it says Dorothy in the streets blanching the sheets now I
think we know where we're coming from but how are you gonna fucking be a tough
guy in a bad mood with that shirt on these are like kids are wearing I was in
a store on Vermont when I was in a good mood when I was like hey I don't have
kids that are fans of the Golden Girls yeah there's like I like like you go
into one of those like stores for kids with all the shirts with the sexy kids
wear and there's like a million not not not like not like not like gap kids what
are you you know one of those places where the sexy kids hang out like choice
are us kids or the library I mean like playgrounds I mean legally voting age
sexy kids they're there like they're with the shirts are hanging everywhere and
there's a lot of Golden Girls shirts I like to think that it's like a fad with
a reason because it's like people maybe because I was watching I watched a couple
episodes of Golden Girls and we all know our friend Mitch Hurwitz wrote on that
show that was one of his first jobs and that writing staff was like there's
other that was like the Dana Carvey show of its time like everybody that wrote
on the Golden Girls like went on to be a comedy pioneer I think I can't remember
any other names so I guess they didn't pioneer shit but Tom Tom Whedon is
Josh Whedon's dad. He worked on Golden Girls. Bring the Whedon's into it why
don't you that's not there's there's no there's no highway cones there that I
can fuck up you hear about what happened to that guy yeah you guys want to talk
about it at length wait who's it wait is a tech Cody's text to me that might be
it might be oh Matt oh Matt we Matt we Matt we Matt Weiner worked on Golden
Girls really yeah wow anyways okay I lost my lost my place all right so thanks
Cody all right wait so what was I just talking about Golden Girls no that was
actually kids you're talking about you were talking about your love of second
children all right well have you heard this thing were you supposed to sneeze
into your arm like didn't know obama yeah PSA is supposed to dab destroy all
bacteria I don't know why that got an applause and I'm ashamed of this planet
please tell me you made that up Spencer no I saw it on a school sign you dabbing
can take a flying fuck right yeah is that I know I know it's bad I know you're
trolling me but I'm supposed to go what's with this dabbing but right you
first and then fuck you like I will say what's with this dabbing and I'm still
smarter than then you got that you got that marijuana dab and Spencer what's
it what's a marijuana dab all about that's that's when you take like a lump
of of hash oil and you vaporize it and and take a hit off of that yeah got some
fans of that in the audience so also sand ebbs are a kind of Pacific Ocean
fish yeah yeah yeah what are those things called this fucking those those
chunky flavorless things that you get in seafood what are those things called
the not tofu we're starting on they're like they're like scallops scallops fuck
scallops you don't like scallops they're so good scallops fuck scallops you know
what what should be for scallops and fuck senior citizens now I'm kidding I
yeah I tried sneezing into my arm fold today okay I get it I understand the
general concept is that now my hands don't have sneeze on yeah but guess what
does the entire restaurant like what do you do I put my face in my arm and
sneeze to the sneeze just went everywhere it's stupid I hate it I hate
don't sneeze just stifle it make it go inside of your head like I do the
bonuses you might get an aneurysm can we talk about can we talk about angry
birds ripoffs oh yeah oh man play hit the theme song wait I'm sorry angry birds
angry birds ripoffs yeah all right you want some music for this and then there were five games called angry birds and there's also 20 games that try to trick you into thinking they're angry birds games let's try that theme song again but now sing the whole thing
shit we did it
all right so so there's like how real quick how would a different Scottish dog bark
like a good idea there's two Scottish dogs and one goes roof what's like what
does this other Scottish stop trying to cheer me up then you don't pretend to be
grumpy when you're that delightful society's alive you're being delightful
the anarchists were right the whole time like fucking I'm gonna get an antifa
tattoo and then ask them what they are just like people do with like pickle
rick and stuff I'm just gonna get a tattoo of antifa and then take it to a
convention and go look I have no problem if you have a tattoo I don't have no
problems with people that get tattoos and stuff I use when I was in my 20s I
would be like oh what are you doing that for I explained that last week I've
come around on you kids you're great you should fucking you should you should you
should fucking attach a third arm to your chest like she's a fucking world's
ending man just don't hurt anybody else or yourself like make sure that was a
consensual arm that you got that arm and get it from like a store don't get it
from like your parents I mean you get to from your parents if you can that's
privilege get a third one from maybe a you know I don't know some kind of stem
cell so okay so so there's this game so there's angry birds there's angry birds
too there's Star Wars Angry Birds there's Star Wars Angry Birds too there's
angry birds transformers there's angry birds transformers you're all angry
but hey you made a game it's very successful keep making you build your
empire I have no beef with capitalism but but this this guy I can't I can't
pronounce his name chef Chala if you go to the app store and type in angry birds
and start scrolling down you will soon come to a sea of con artistry from a
someone named Chalapop Kajan Kakachi Tiki that better be right his games
include bomber birds angry land hockey birds the angry sports tournament
racing birds real road car angry driver these are all the same guy are they
are they good games like I'm not gonna download them as I there's one I looked
at one of the reviews of the lab when I get to the last one I'll read one review
ninja birds the angry dungeon you're not fooling anybody
jewel birds angry blast dungeon warrior birds the destroy angry soldiers
Jan are you reading these wrong no this is it's just how Fisher birds feeding in
angry aquatic birds and blocks to that's not him that's a this is just a person
doing angry birds just birds and blocks to and they're not angry they're like
regular birds they're like placid but they're shaped exactly like angry birds
they're just not angry it's called birds and blocks to magic birds marvelous
angry territory pop and of course the best of them all the one with a title
that doesn't even fit in the app store I can't you can there's no where you can
get the full title even if you click on it it doesn't expand enough for you to
ever see the end of the title angry ninja paratrooper pilot versus birds free
game colon zero injustice to these are all programmed games that you could
potentially buy yeah and this guy did there's one review of that one and it
says and the guy says the headline of the review is they tried and and his
review is his review is I downloaded this app as a joke and three stars that's
not bad just think I mean that guy should be ashamed of himself right
Chalipop yeah Chalipop Chalipop Manchichi it's a great name it's like
Montechai Tiki there's one fly in this fucking I know this episode is like it's
the fly yeah of bet breaking bad but I'm in public what do you okay so what do
you guys where do you guys stand in this okay so so like if you're if you're on a
freeway and you're in a car as you did as I hope you are or you're Martin Lawrence
the the the if someone is pulling up next to you if someone is you know there's a
person he's a stranger in another car I think you can visualize this do you so
there are some people that you you're like I'll you you'll pick your nose
freely because you'll and your justification for it is logical which is
that you're never gonna see that person again right fuck but I just I I want to
be one of those people that's like well I'm never I don't care I'm never gonna
see that person again I'm gonna pick my nose but I like punish the people that
are that are my friends you know like I only I'm only like gross in front of
them and like it doesn't really make any sense like I like I care so much what
strangers think of me it's like another reason to just hate myself fucking
stupid you know why don't we care what strangers think but we don't we like
when people become friends with us then we're like oh fuck this guy like I'll
fart we should be like thank you so much for being my friend I'm gonna go in the
other room and pick my nose now and then in front of a stranger and if the
person's like hey you're picking my nose and you're picking your nose in front of
me you'd be like yeah well make friends with me you dickbag maybe I'll treat you
with some respect give me a chance stranger there's a story I'll get it all
wrong but it was like James Cagney and Humphrey Bogart were both up for the same
role and there was some kind of studio dispute on it and they were having some
kind of rivalry but who's the biggest star and I don't want to take that guy's
role if he already passed on it because it lowers my fucking status or whatever
the fuck but apparently Humphrey Bogart saw James Cagney like driving down
the street in Hollywood picking his nose in the back of his limousine and I see
the Cagney sent a poem to Bogart or vice versa I think Bogart wrote a poem and
sent it to Cagney about how famous people shouldn't pick their noses like
he fucking nose pick shamed him in a poem and sent it to him like roses are
red violets are like famous people you dirty rat famous people famous people
famous people and like driving in famous places shouldn't go around picking
their famous faces like something like that like he's like I saw you picking
your nose motherfucker something like that look it up TCM Fridays fucking flies
gonna get it it's just on your face remember that fly that landed on the
guy's face in Indiana Jones and he just crawled in his mouth and he ate it you
know they had to land they had to dribble an invisible trail of fly food up
his chin to get that shot took three days 400 takes and how good I was in flies
how good is your fucking prop department when they know where to get
invisible fly food yeah they got everything so anyways I was in it I was
in it I was in another car with a namesh ride share server top five Dan
Harmon car stories and the guy said what do you you know what do you want to
listen to is that whatever you want to listen to and he's like okay and he
cranks this dating tips for Christian men show which I didn't even know existed
it doesn't even make any sense to me it was just and it was like this is this
white guy like on the radio going like like talking to another guy and just
being like yeah you gotta here's the thing that you know like believe me
women are hungry for good men like when they're asking any woman that I don't I
can't tell you how many times bro that I've heard a woman say where are all the
good men well guess what you put your faith in Jesus Christ you're gonna be a
good man and it's your market bro it's like you know you gotta say you gotta
you need a real man as a mentor Jesus Christ was a real man it was so weird
it was such a weird mix of red pill Christianity he didn't he didn't say
like like Jesus smashed puss but it's like that's what that's what he was
implying like Jesus will help you smash puss like he said he said be a fisher of
puss he said he said I hashtagged my when I Instagram about it I said I follow
me and I will make you crushers of but I was like I felt like I was like a game
of chicken I couldn't tell if he was really Christian or if he was trying to
be like don't be lazy when I asked you what you want to hear and so I was like
I'm gonna fucking be Christian now and crush Christian puss like I'm gonna just
be like mmm this is great just to punish him like I would see how long he could
sweat it out so we just both like this is a game of radio chicken yeah now how
long's your ride yeah listen to this for 10 minutes you piece of shit the guy
said you got to work on your inner game that's true don't we all yeah I you
think you would think at least a Christian guy would be like what can we
drop the game part like what it's not a game if you're quick you figured out
you're Christian but it's still what you got to play those ladies man you got a
fucking trick him into fucking you still you're you've accepted the Lord
Christ into your heart to like answered the door on which he knocks and you've
heard the good news and you're like washed in the lamb of the Savior's blood
but you just still fuck women let's just fuck up that's Satan that fly is
actually the devil that fly is on your ass he's a I should I would serve that
fly right if I let it land and take a big drink of my fucking pores I'm gonna
watch that thing fall down and just crawl away but you it kind of took a
dive I'm gonna let it I'm gonna let it land I'm not gonna freak out if it lands
on my face right it's on your shirt it's on it's almost blanching the streets
sheets it's right in your tum tum it's right in your tummy it's going on your
dick on your dick please tell me you got it it's on his leg now oh my god the
fly was on your gun you're on the floor one fly sneezing in your arm it's
bullshit birdbanks on fire can't live in the desert because there's no water
angry birds rip offs face timing in public perception of strangers private
chauffeur business cards one guy this guy the Christian dating guy when he dropped
me off he gave me a business card and he said I do everything from limo rinds to
private jets private jet eating chips for Christian men I quit Twitter for a
while I'm feeling good about that but the mustache obviously has got me like you
know it's like a yeah I don't know I don't know what's happening to me what
you said you the mustache brought you back in the Twitter no I mean the
mustache is making me as angry as I was when I was on Twitter I guess I don't
know I don't know what's happening to me maybe mustaches will people do it before
Twitter yeah I think it flew private jets yeah I don't it's like under like
over qualified why is he driving you around yeah and as his his car didn't
even have a charging port Spencer Spencer sounds to me that's like an
airplane Spencer sounds to me like you got to work on your inner game bro yeah
man I'm always working on my inner game it turns out that we're all light well
that's that's a throwback and if you're dirty inside then it looks you know bad
it's like dirty light Jesus why was there only one pair of footprints there
that's when I was wingman in you shouldn't there have been oh like a woman there
with me
shouldn't there shouldn't there have been three three pairs or at least two pairs
of footprints there I was carrying her whoa not cool man I was flying and
carrying her I'm the best wingman ever why don't you sounds like you're an
abductor an alien abductor this fucking fly I can't now I can't tell the
difference between flies and sweat drips so I just for all I know there's just
flies all over me there he is there he is there's a little fucker
this is the show eat it eat this fucker I have godfather two questions lay him on
me you know people act like this is the best movie ever okay so alright so
remember godfather two you get a little backstory Robert De Niro plays the
godfather in his youth and you have to see him become a go from a regular father
to a godfather and and the way he does it is see this is why you're not god
fathers because here's what here's what here's what Vito Corleone does I'm gonna
get you you got to go in from back
you got to work in your fly game for five dollars a month you can watch dad
be tormented by a fly yeah that's this episode is there a room full of juju
beads over there and is it juju bees or juju I'm getting no love from the fly
it's on you that's a good point if we pour soda on the ground maybe it'll
distract him everybody pours or just take a shit I should just poop that's
kind of you know I mean it's got I'm sure a lot of stand-ups talk about this
but you know you're walking by a pile of shit and the flies are on it and then
you're like you get too close to the shit and the flies are like whoa like
they they fly away like like they're like they're embarrassed well no like
they're like they're like look out someone's coming to nothing man you're
fine and she's eating shit I was not going to just shame they're like oh man
I don't I mean I like shit but I don't ever want to know it these these are
humans that they have newspapers and internet and shit they're gonna be
telling everybody I'm like a shit lover so Vito Corleone the godfather he's
just a regular guy he's emigrated to America from Italy where he was
persecuted as a child and he's like grown up on the in Italy and he's an adult
now and and then and then it's like oh there's this guy and he's like the
mafia king of the neighborhood and he's like no everybody give me some of the
you let me wet my beak and and then Vito Corleone's like what's with that guy
and then his friends are like dude you don't fuck with that guy that guy is he
owns everything this is his neighborhood you can't fuck with that guy like it's
it's crazy like he's he's got the he's the he's the charge of like there's a
guy above him it's a he's the black hand he's the mafia you can't fuck with that
guy and Vito Corleone is like huh wow that's tough like I wish there was some
way to do this to you know like it's like you got to give this guy all your
money and so that he and then he he just shoots him and then it's just like
that's it that he just takes over like I don't think that's I mean what there's
no what you just shoot the guy no one thought of that that's what it takes to
be a godfather must be nice you know it's like rap in the 80s you can just
fucking ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you know like you could just be a mafia guy by
just killing one guy every 30 years but then you got to be good at not being
killed you got a you got to be the guy that doesn't get killed that easy yeah
why didn't the first guy think of that though like what he would think this guy
like lived alone in an apartment and like he just walked up the stairs and
it's like Robert De Niro what are you doing here and he's like shooting you
and then the guy's like I can't believe this happened all I did was take all
of everybody's money and and the godfather movies every time you see
an orange someone's about to die you know if you notice that there's always a
there's a thing about oranges yeah anyone know why that is that's just
arbitrary and weird ass I hear it's a new black nice nice I miss Schrab so much
yeah do you think you did you get it I don't think so if you kill this fly I'm
gonna fucking freak out that's the thing that if I put my phone down which I
think I can't know I got maybe just fly is entertainment's way of saying put
your phone down and be in the moment that would be weird this is like the the
opening act of Remo Williams the adventure continues to the flies not
gonna come out flies like this guy this guy's activated this guy was like a
stone-cold fly killer I could land on anybody holding a drink in an iPhone so
like yeah there's one last thing that I'm just like I just say and then I'm
not I won't be in a bad mood anymore because I just like I just wanted to get
this all out fucking medical forms like when you go to a new doctor or a new
dentist or anything like how lazy are these people like they just they give
you like 90 pieces of paper and they all like ask the same questions over and
over again like you're gonna write your social secure what why do you why do
they get your social security number isn't that an important number
isn't that supposed to be something that if someone else has it they can like
steal your life and like for like sent send you to prison in Istanbul or
something like like like it's a it's like everybody like so if anybody just
breaks into one shitty dentist office they can have everybody's social security
number because they just found that to be a convenient way to sort people's
files with can't ask and it's like and it's everything's just like oh give me
your name and your address and your date of birth like 500 times on the same
form and just like like fucking look up it's the same for this forms are all
sloppy and shitty like they're all misspelled like you can't tell what
you're supposed to write where it's fucking lazy man lazy shit we have
better technology than that and they just they could just get away with it
because they're like oh your tooth hurts like fill out 900 things and then
you just got to fill it all out he can't go get your tube fixed and then you're
just like god damn dude wrote my birth date like 500 times you don't know when
I was born yet you know fuck you fucking assholes and then they get this like
this is shit uh-oh there comes a fly the fly's gonna come right back on
the devotees of my Instagram already know this but the list this shit on this
form this is the format to fill out to get my teeth cleaned on a scale of one
to ten with ten being the highest rating how important is your dental health to
you the fuck so if I put one are they gonna be like I will leave or are they
gonna be like like thank you for being on it I don't know what if you put five
why do they care what clean my teeth clean it with all you got no matter what
I say I don't care how important my was it fucking what is your your fluoride
hose hooked up to my desires to have clean teeth was empowered by my fucking
ambition like the spirit of dental hygiene what am I a carebear with a tooth
on his belly like you need my fucking the tooth tooth tooth face to fucking run
the thing what if I have leukemia like I guess what my teeth aren't that
important still need them clean I have leukemia want to be able to eat a
fucking hoagie fix my teeth but one one really I'd like white blood cells more
than anything is that gonna be okay Marcia DDS whatever the fuck that stands
for what what would a Scottish cat sound like how about me all right well you
had to keep pushing where would you rate your current dental health again what
the fuck why are you asking me you're a dentist five I don't know I came to a
dentist 10 10 like yeah so I can eat shit when I go in there you gotta go to
my dentist of the coolest man as much as Scandinavian ladies are just cool as
shit and then the third question where do you want your dental health to be oh
give me an eight I want to get greedy so fucking dumb these guys that is dumb
chiropractor does the same thing he's like he may have me fill out a thing or
it's like how important is you having a good back and all this shit like what
are you trying to catch me in a like because so that when I say I didn't do
my back exercises you can be like well you're not gonna get to attend that way
and you didn't say you wanted that like fix my back I I learned to not be
honest on those on those things now because one time on a TV show a long
time ago I was honest about whether or not I'd ever tried drugs and I said yes
and then a team of lawyers came from the studio a major studio came and I had
to fucking deal with a big-ass law like kerfuffle and fill out a bunch of shit
and I was like do you think look at the rest of this cast they're all from
Chicago from the 80s if you don't think they thought they all didn't eat their
weight and coke every afternoon you're out of your fucking minds I was the only
guy I talked to some of these older actors like oh no no you never say yes
on that shit I think terrific fucking doctors fucking people you know they
went I gotta go back in for another endoscopy they upsold me on another
one you know they're like look I got I went I went because I was like oh I got
I've been taking prilosec every day for my heartburn that can't be good I just
heard it's linked to Alzheimer's and I went into the thing and the guys like
well here's the thing or I told you that I went to my doctor I said I said hey
man I've been taking prilosec for a really long time and I see on the box it
says you're not supposed to take it that much and and I heard this study it says
it's linked to Alzheimer's and stuff and and he's like well what happened didn't
I refer you to that one guy I'm like yeah you got remember you guys like
started obsessing about my lymph nodes and give me a biopsy and told me I had
sarcoidosis and then I was like so what's with my heartburn and you were
like oh no and so I'm like okay so for real it's been okay like what about my
heartburn and my doctor goes he goes hey listen so go back to that guy but
listen this time when you talk to him just just stay on the heartburn topic you
know like don't don't don't get distracted I'm like me maybe so mad as
like victim blaming you know like I got it bad your lesson nightmare hashtag
heartburn culture this is like like he blamed me like he implied that like oh
you know it's like like he's basically saying like oh Dan you know how you could
a babble when you go to the doctor so maybe you maybe it's your fault that we
like went off on some weird fucking expensive tangent with MRIs like making
sure you don't have lymphatic cancer instead of like telling you about your
heartburn remember that that sound I may go to do it I don't know sometimes it
comes back but it's like that was the thing at the end of it all make so what
so is that what made that sound the sarcoidosis they're like I don't know
what makes that sound fucking jerks it's like a Louis bit
you know Dan Dan what you're not being very Dorothy in the streets about this
you got to be a little bit more Dorothy in the streets hate everyone I feel
like a waste of my life trying to impress people and like like like like all
you guys ever did was beat me up and then and make fun of me and then I and
then I made up enough money to to make that stop happening and now you got
Nazis and I'm like I'm like you can't blame yourself for that hey let's
hey that's crazy there's Nazis we should do something about that and then and then
and then and then you people are like like oh you know calm you just kill more
people than not so you fucking 20 year old dickhead stupid fucking moron I just
say everyone's so fucking stupid it's average IQ is a hundred like I so why
did I ever get tricked into caring about dumb people like I don't care I don't
care I'm not a naturally caring person I should I could just I just want I just
want I just want I just want to make little music videos I know I know I know
you know I'm gonna get like foot cancer or something like I'm gonna it's like
any day now I'm gonna get like you know it's like I got my health right now and
I should be happy and I got everything that everybody wants and I'm like I'm
just like pissing around my house like like yelling at my dog for eating my
underwear and like like the big scowl on my face there's a dude chasing an alligator
out of his living room in Texas he's probably laughing about it like you
haven't a better life than me I'm fucking had I've been had I've been had by
God I've been had by society but had my morons as I like I just want to watch
forensic VX it's our two to the front two to the side I'm glad Burbank's on
fire deserve it hope all your Burbank crops burn was there one event like
today or yesterday like like one little small my AirPods it was what that said
that that was a tipping point that that's when I and then I had a candle in my hand
looking for my AirPods and I threw it out the window in Burbank
fucking knew it you don't think oh oh your power went out too it's fucking
freaky right the power went out of your your crib right I don't think I think
Dan's oh yeah okay there's a way to yell that and waited to not terrify
everybody I've been meaning to I've been meaning to say I've been meaning I think
that when when we point out it's 9-11 we should we should do it like that's the
start of a musical like it's like that we shouldn't do it like that because that
that legitimately scared me thought it was we thought it was no I thought we
got 11 we got ISIS I want to circle back and admire their enthusiasm you
know I never came from that's a good thing that's what this country needs
more of I got a flight coming up on 9-11 and I keep getting these reminders
hey remember you're why would you do that I cuz I got a show on the 12th well
show up on the 12th no but it's in Ontario Canada I can't I can't fly
data I've got a fly on 9-11 like a terrorist what's the deal with John
Snow's thumb you know it looks like a weird fucking toe did no one else notice
that it was like I was trying to be like sentimental and sexy you know but
it's like he's he has a giant fucking toe on his hand I've never noticed that
what about his hairline is weird-ass hair like I you know I don't know about
that I trust your judgment there but I was looking right like the Dow Jones you
know I got a problem with that last episode what they never showed the
fact that the wall just goes into a lake and you could just say they just walk
you could have just like like like just swung around on a rope also they
could have just like walked in like knee-deep water they kept saying oh but
the dead don't swim the wall goes just to the fucking water's edge and you
could just you know catch a ferry I mean it's gotta end somewhere I guess but I
mean we did we think it went all the way around the world I just thought that
they kind of I thought it was on the top of a high cliff or something when it
meant the ocean I mean my one beef was like you know if it's something
collapses like that there's not just gonna be like this path it's like they
should have been they should have shown him like crawling over rubble being like
goddamn this is like a quarter of a wall yeah it's kind of what happens when
you collapse a wall as you have like about a quarter of a wall yeah that it
was convenient they like cut it off halfway and then it went all the way
down also that fucking ice dragon that dead ice dragon they got holes all up on
those wings how you gonna fly when you got holes in your wings that's where's
the fucking aerodynamic integrity of the flight surface well it's flying with
magic isn't it I mean is it magic well proud I mean probably a dragon at least
has some sort of magic flotation because they're a heavy thing you know you need
a huge wing to well combination also like
zombie is him because the you know the the white walker people you know they
got the they don't got no muscles like some of them got like a whole skeleton
leg and they're super missing a button like how you gonna walk around with no
but but if you can if you can make a holy winged dragon fly with your white
walker magic then why don't you just make a skeleton fly just make him like
like give him some of that dragon this is my favorite song from the movie Dumbo
yeah they got the holes in the wings what was my other fucking beef of that
shit there was some other so I though I just thought of that today the giant the
giant cultures have the giant chains and they zombified the yeah but that was a
lot of chain man yeah they were a whole society thriving but they had him in a
cart in the back of the goddamn fucking army oh yeah they're always ready they
brought all their stuff with them okay also how about this remember when they
bring out the the the dead boogins and they're bringing them out to show
sursy and the whole gang that there's there's dead people and the chop the guy
and he's still crawling and kicking ass until they fucking dragon glass them but
then the rest of the time they fight him they go chop and they just fucking go
poof like like they now now they live away they live a lot longer when it's a
story beat my my concern with the Cersei plan was that I thought she was gonna
look at the zombie and go like yeah I have one for a butler like I am well
aware you could make dead people hang out like I yeah I didn't think about that
like my chauffeur is a fucking mountain of zombie pleasure driving miss Cersei
there's your spinoff HBO I we should do a show cheaper zombie and you're Dan
Harmon well but there's also a Scottish zombie dog what would a Scottish
zombie dog sound like that Scottish zombie dog were you not done yet no
okay zombies take their time
...... ewe... brrrrr...
brrrraines
oot wight
but...
buw-wa took
would scottish zombie dogs
i-i- i was..
i- i was just not making youtube about scottish
brrrra250
riintendent
errr fs
w- w- would they want cat brains
Brains or other dog brains? Zombie dog. Cat brains.
Do we have a leave here or is the leave still out of town?
He's gone. Did he just leave us?
Yeah. Get it. Steve, Steve, leave us.
Yeah. Where is everything?
What are you? We don't have a screen.
Yeah, where was the screen? I thought we could have...
Jesus Christ. I hope I do die.
I don't care.
The screen is up there.
Dan, you have so much to be thankful for and happy about.
I know. I crashed from that. You should have seen me on Wednesday.
It would have been a great podcast.
I've been grouchy all day because it's hot.
I had dinner with church and it was being a pain in the butt
and I was just being a grouchy asshole all day long.
I told you to stay in the van.
Remember when that awesome blind dude joined us for our show
and then the next week he was like peace?
Because he just secretly didn't even like us.
Wait, what? We found out he didn't like us?
Well, he didn't even come back.
Someone on Reddit saw that he has a short film made about his life.
Well, ooh la la.
Yeah.
You have a long film made about your life.
I had to make it myself.
And I still look shitty in it.
Can we go out? We've talked kind of semi-seriously
about going out and doing another Harmon tour.
Like maybe like go to Europe or go somewhere fun
or maybe like not film it but just travel around a bunch
or maybe film it again. Are you still up for that?
I can't be nailed down.
I mean it sounds like when we did that last one
you were kind of going through a little bit of a crisis
because you got fired off your show.
You seem like you're pretty down right now.
I think maybe it's time to go out there and hit the road.
I don't want to do a tour and be happy.
I want to repeat the same process.
No, we go out and we find happiness by exploring.
By getting out of your comfort zone.
It didn't work that time.
Didn't it?
It didn't work? I thought you were happy during that.
I think I faked a lot of that.
Yeah.
For the movie, right?
Yeah. Because I knew they would sell eight copies.
Yeah, were we happy? I can't tell.
We were trapped.
I avoided everybody.
I just kept leaving and going doing my little disappearing act
and I would go read a book and get away from everybody.
I brought work on the road with me.
I would like to do a tour again but I want to be free to enjoy it.
We can't fly to Europe and then get a tour bus, right?
Yeah, bands never do that.
I don't know, man.
That's what you do. You fly to...
There's a lot of van travel.
Marilyn Manson doesn't drive around on a van.
He's got a fucking sexy tour bus.
Okay.
I'm saying, here's a pitch.
We go out with Marilyn Manson.
Church and I hung out with that guy. He's good fun.
He's a big dork. We should get him on the show.
He's good fun.
He's welcome whenever he wants to come by.
Are you going to be all pouty about it when he does?
I don't know because I don't care.
He'll come and everybody will be like,
I love Marilyn Manson. I wish he would be on the show more often.
But I get it. You don't like me.
Stick it up your ass, you fucking herd of fucking...
Shhh.
She turned me around. She got me.
Oh, we did it!
Who was that?
Whose laugh was that?
That laughter was...
That was my mistake a little after.
I'm somebody who could not take my bad mood seriously.
She was just like laughing, really entertained.
She felt a little sad for me.
But she was glad she wasn't me.
You know a movie I watched yesterday that does not hold up
and I was pretty bummed out?
Spaceballs. Spaceballs is not great.
It's got a couple of jokes.
The incredible or the amazing Mr. Limpet with Don Knotts.
I thought that was on.
It's not that good, man.
I really wanted to remember that I loved that movie.
I've never seen it.
He turns into a fish but also he has a superpower
that he makes the loudest noise in the world.
Never explains.
He turns into a fish?
He's already turned into a fish, Spencer.
Don Knotts loves fish while his friend George Stickle
is trying to clearly fuck his wife.
And they all go out to Coney Island and he loves fish so much
and he goes, I wish I were a fish.
And he falls into the water and he turns into a fish.
But he's also a fish that wears glasses
so we remember it's Don Knotts.
And we can tell him apart from the no other animated fish
except for weird lady fish.
He almost fucks a fish in the fucking beginning of the second act.
He takes to that pretty quickly.
Then he makes a weird sound.
Then he kills all the Nazis and we win World War II.
Well, how could that possibly be bad?
My childhood, I thought it was awesome but there's a lot of holes.
There's a lot of holes in Mr. Limbin.
Oh, boy.
But the admiral in that movie is the neighbor from Mr. Ed.
So that made me happy.
Mr. Ed's fucking great.
All right, we're good to go.
Spencer, you've told us that you've leveled our characters up
because we've achieved such greatness
that we are now level three characters.
You've achieved such greatness.
There you go, level three character.
Oh, yeah.
We fucking earned it by lighting doors on fire
and running away from shit.
It's as much for me as it is for you.
Meaning what exactly?
It's more fun.
Does that mean that I...
Are my loadouts updated?
Oh, yeah.
If they're the ones on the right, yeah.
I mean, yes.
All right, but we're still on the same loadout
that we were on last time as we haven't gone to sleep yet.
Because you haven't gone to sleep yet.
Okay, I need a real refresher on this D&D.
You guys ready for some D&D right now?
No.
Are we going to do this without a diarrhea junior?
I got it all figured out.
Okay.
Which is why I got John Carmen.
It doesn't make any sense, but Steve will hate that.
Who's John Carmen?
You're bearing with me.
John Carmen is a Steve Levy looking person
that used to be Justin Rowland's assistant.
Is he here with us in person tonight?
No.
It's not for anybody here.
It's for Steve Levy.
He's going to get a kick out of that and I'll be satisfied.
Okay.
And we will have burned a minute or two.
What about our new intern, Sammy?
Did you see her?
She kind of had like a Levy kind of vibe.
Oh, she's going to be running this place too.
I'll do it.
Thank you.
Is that Sammy that said that?
No.
Oh, no.
You can't do it.
All right.
You want to give us a recap, Spencer?
Yeah.
Please.
We had Schrab and things went kind of weird and I don't quite...
All I remember is that trousers were pulled down at the very end
and that was our cliffhanger.
So Spencer, if you will, the recap of last week's Harmontown.
It's the one thing I didn't do.
Last time on Harmontown, our heroes were...
They had just defeated or gotten away from the evil cult
right as it collapsed, like the whole church collapsed.
Oh boy.
It was a disaster.
The vampire escaped in the form of a mist
leaving our heroes high and dry in the priory
where they searched for survivors.
There they became attacked by two little girls
who knocked Diarrhea Jr. unconscious.
Chad leapt into action, grabbing one of the girls
and Carlos leapt into action,
smashing one of the little girls in the face.
After some conversation, Patchens came back
and he needed help.
So he took you to the fells house
where the prior was burning down the house
and trying to murder the family.
But you stopped him.
Now you're outside of the burning down house
with the prior.
He's tied up and you don't know what's going on.
It's been a long night.
The end.
All right.
Wait, did you sit where...
The most important part was the prayer.
You said we're still outside the fells house with the prior.
Yeah.
We're just right where we left off.
Yeah, he's unconscious.
He's, I think, tied up.
Okay.
Well, and how about the fells? How are they holding up?
They're okay.
Tom just had given you a bunch of church relics
that he had stolen.
But they weren't of much value, right?
Well, you don't know that because you're not shop-able.
Well, let's all secure these relics.
Are they small enough to fit in my sack?
Yeah, they're small enough to fit in your sack.
I say to the fells,
Tom,
Maggie.
Bonnie.
Little fell.
Sorry about your home. Good luck.
We may be back to help you out.
But I think the best thing we can do for you
is get our colleague away from your little boy
while he's still unconscious because he's mixed up.
He thinks your kid is possessed.
Well, we can handle him.
Well, don't handle him.
Well...
He's only mad because there's been so many shenanigans.
We just, you know, attempted murder.
House just got burned down.
But he was doing it because his church was under attack.
You believe me, the people that are responsible
for your woes mostly,
if they were here,
they wouldn't be tied up and they wouldn't be having this conversation.
It was self-defense. He feared for his life.
Well, okay, touchy.
I'm not saying he did a good thing.
I'm not saying he doesn't deserve retribution.
I'm just saying when he wakes up,
I'd like him to be at the church
because I still want to talk to him about stuff
and I don't want him to kill your kid
and I don't want you to kill him before that.
Carlos, do you think there's a chance that maybe he's pissed off
because Tom just admitted
that he stole all of these relics from the church?
Maybe he's mad about what these relics mean to the church.
Why would I be mad about the fact
someone was trying to murder my family
and burn down my house? That doesn't make any sense.
Why did you steal these relics from the first place?
Because we're poor. I haven't been producing stuff with my farm.
The church is supposed to help. They don't do shit.
Who are you going to be selling these relics to?
Where's the market for his church relics?
There was a merchant who was coming by,
but that plot threat didn't get explored.
Tom, you should have been here weeks ago.
Like I said at the top, Tom,
we're going to take the prior away,
take him to the church,
so when he wakes up, your kid can be safe
and we'll send whatever help we can.
And then he'll just go back to terrorizing the town
and being a dick?
No, he won't. He's going to be in big trouble.
He lost his whole church. Believe me,
he's going to be the tomfell of priors.
Great.
I examined the priors body and clothes
to see if he's holding anything
that might be of value or interest.
He has the holy symbol of the church,
just like a lot of the clerics have.
He doesn't have any idea or any money on him.
He's not really wearing very much clothes.
He's kind of hastily dressed.
It's not his formal attire in any sense.
So it's kind of like he just came out at night with a sword.
You got a wheelbarrow or something, Tom?
Yeah, sure.
Let's put the prior in a wheelbarrow
and cart him back to the church.
Take those relics, take the prior back.
We'll do a debrief.
I like that.
I guess we'll follow you.
The fellow family said that?
No, you guys got a house to reconstruct.
Why would you want to follow us?
The guy wants to kill your kid.
The church shelters people in need, theoretically.
Yeah, let's all go along.
Okay, cool.
Okay, that makes sense.
Fair enough, Tom.
All right.
I take some water out of my little water skin thing
and I splash it on the prior's face
and I wake him up.
We should talk to this guy and see if he's cooled out a little bit now.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
All right, you wake him up.
What?
Hey, we got a job to do.
There's evil afoot.
What's the job?
What's your first item on your to-do list?
Kill the unclean.
Right, but the unclean of, like, they left.
No, they're right here, among us.
The fellow family, they're just dirty, grubby people.
They're not the real problem.
Your church was infiltrated by horrible evil.
I don't know what you're talking about and you're dumb.
Why do you think the whole family's unclean?
Yeah, they're protecting a fucking demon child.
Well, we released that demon. The demon was expelled.
That sounds like lies that a demon might say.
So now the demon's in us?
I don't know.
This guy's just a fucking loony, Tim.
I don't know what to believe.
You're just saying that you got rid of a demon
when I could see it clearly inside this child?
You can see it.
Yeah, he's evil. Look at him. He's a piece of shit.
Well, if you're such a hot-shot cleric, are you a cleric?
No, not by trade.
But you're a holy man.
Yes.
Then why don't you show us, what would you suggest doing
to get this demon out of this child?
I think the sword's in the house.
You want to kill the child?
Yeah.
That's what the Church of the Silver Flame does.
We purge evil.
By killing children?
You don't, you know, bathe it into cleanly,
like, into goodness.
You kill it. You burn it.
You're just choosing to not believe us when we tell you
that we've already dealt with this situation
when you weren't here.
You're saying that you're confused,
but at the same time, you're saying that you know
exactly what's going on.
Right. You're outsiders who came snooping into our business.
You don't know our ways or what's going on.
You don't know the score.
I'm saying that there's evil afoot. I see it.
I guarantee you one thing.
We didn't cause your problems here in this town.
You were on a track to destruction.
You had vampires in your basement.
The Fells had a demon that we released.
You are late to the ballgame
and you're hogging all the hot dogs.
I high-five Carlos for that.
By the church bylaws, I am invoking emergency mutiny.
Rule number three, subsection seven.
If the prior of a church is demonstrating
an inability to serve his office,
he will be bound and put in a wheelbarrow
and the next highest ranking church official
in the vicinity will take over his duties
until further notice.
It's called the 25th Amendment.
Oh.
Well, who's the next ranking church official?
That would be me.
Oh.
Well, show me your...
How do we know that's true?
Well, I mean, all that...
I mean, all that bylaw sounded improvised.
Yeah.
Hey, a prior, do you know a church member
of your congregation named Arden?
Yeah.
Do you know that she's a vampire mist right now?
What?
Yeah.
She's a vampire that was doing crazy blood magic
down in your basement in the sanctuary
and we went down there, kicked a bunch of ass,
but she, you know, weanied out by turning into a mist
like a piece of vampire shit
and she boned out and now we're looking for her.
So you've been harboring vampire mist ladies
the whole time and like, what's her deal?
That's some fucking conspiracy bullshit.
Vampires and demons have nothing to do with each other.
Why would there be a demon-possessed child
if there was vampires in the church?
That's what we're trying to find out.
Oh, okay.
All we know is you run a bad church, brother.
Like, you ain't on your shit.
You called me dumb. You're dumb.
You guys are peeing and barrels and keeping it.
Yeah.
Yeah, we found your pee barrels.
We found your pee barrels.
Guess what? Vampires are throwing them at people
like our friend Diary got covered in pee.
That stuff's important.
Why do you keep the pee?
It's for laundry.
You wash your clothes in pee?
Well, kind of, yeah.
So how do you know when you pee your pants?
What happens when you pee your pants?
You go, great, now I don't have to laundry?
It's not that simple. It's a process.
It's a multi-step process.
I'll show you how to do it.
You can accept that much nuance in piss clothes,
but you can't accept that maybe we know
we're talking about a little bit with the demon shine.
I'm starting to accept that that may be the case,
but I'm still confused about this whole vampire thing.
Do you know that the sanctuary was exploded
by a giant explosion and the whole thing is rubble now?
What?
I'm wheeling you back to your church.
Yeah, that's what's happening.
Come on, fellow family.
We all go back to the church.
All right, yeah, no, you had been.
You're there at the church.
What do you do?
Patience is there.
Also, he was with you the whole time.
I want to keep wheeling the prior to the hatch
where the site of egress from the room.
You can't get there with the wheelbarrow
because it's like a ruined wreck,
like it's a pile of blocks.
It became a quarter of a wall.
You can get to that area,
but not like you have to climb and clamber.
Stand the prior up.
Let's undo his feet but not his hands
and walk him over the rubble to the site.
You do that.
You understand why I have your hands bound still, sir?
Yeah.
You do?
No.
You're threatening the life of an innocent child.
Right.
I'm not doing it because I think that you're a bad person.
I'm trying to protect the innocent.
Well, keep an eye on that kid.
Everyone keeps an eye on kids by default.
They're adorable.
Okay.
Here we go again.
It's fucking all going to jail.
I don't know how I got this reputation.
You keep talking about beautiful, sexy children
and wanting to smash them.
All right.
So where are you headed to the hatch?
Yeah.
All right.
You do that.
You open the secret door and he's like,
yeah, this is the piss basement.
Yeah.
I don't know about this place.
Go down there.
Okay.
My hands are tied.
Well, I'll drop you down.
That sounds painful.
You go down first.
I'll kind of hand him down to you down the ladder.
All right.
If we undo your hands, are you going to be a bad person?
No.
Are you lying?
I'm telling you.
I sense bad question.
Sir.
If I untie your hands and you try to harm any of the fellow
family, I have, I'm telling you right now,
I have no choice but to intercede like with extreme
prejudice.
Okay.
How extreme.
I undo his hands.
He, he like, he like, you know, if he feels his wrists
and then he slaps you.
Slaps me?
Yeah.
I take it.
That's what, like, that's what he didn't want to happen.
Like he was trying to bait you.
Right.
Yeah.
I say, see?
I can take a slap, can't I?
I go up and I slap Carlos just to prove that point.
He's really confused.
He's like, what the fuck?
Yeah.
I like getting slapped.
Brings me closer to the silver flame.
I give him like a Steve McQueen, like Ali McGrath slap in the
getaway.
The forehand, backhand, forehand one.
Who do you hit?
Carlos.
I'm just showing how much he likes to get slapped.
I'm showing those guys, he's like the Hulk.
Like the more you slap him, the more he focuses his rage.
All right.
He's growing unnerved.
Now climb down that ladder and check out your piss basement.
All right.
He climbs down there.
It's all, it's all just collapsed.
There's like, you know.
Yeah.
Well, it's not like a fucking God eraser.
And like, like, like, like, so some shit collapsed.
There's still evidence of horrific demonic bullshit.
Can we still see the blood all over the table and the altar
kind of thing?
Yeah.
Well, not so much.
All that stuff has collapsed.
Are there sanctuaries falling on it?
Are there the corpses of those, of those blood bugans?
You can see bits of corpses, like a couple limbs, like coming out of the wreckage and
stuff.
I walk over and I, and I take one of the, like, like body parts of a clearly mutated
thing and show this to the prior.
All right.
It just like, it just like sluffs off of the body.
Like it's not really heavily attached.
And I go, look at this.
Is this normal to you?
Is this regular church basement, pee basement kind of activities?
No.
You feel, you probably feel pretty stupid now telling us that we don't know what we're
talking about.
Yes.
Yeah.
I take that book that says how to, what to do when your church is under attack.
All right.
I said, did you even read this?
Yeah.
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
Oh shit.
I don't think you did though, but you could lie.
That's fine.
That's me the GM saying.
When I opened it, the binding cracks like fucking thunder.
That's a fucking lie.
Okay.
You're right.
It is.
Okay.
Why would you do that?
Why would I lie?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just think it's fucked up that you read this book and then let your church be under
attack.
I was trying to help.
Yeah.
That's fine.
And failure is fine too.
But then when you find out you failed, you don't take it out on neighbor kids.
That's probably true.
Prior, do you know, by the way, where do we leave stiff and weighing the little girls?
Are they still with us?
They're, yeah, they were with you too.
So they're here too.
Okay.
Prior, do you know these little children?
Yeah.
Do you know where they came from?
Because they don't seem to have any memory of their families or their, you know, their
whereabouts.
No.
They were found on the church doorstep.
And do you know Arden?
Yeah.
Do you know where we could find?
Like where does she live?
Where is she from?
Well, she stayed at the church.
We don't know where she's from.
Convenient.
She's from the church.
You know, like you guys.
Where do you think all your church people are?
Dead.
What do you think?
They're under rubble?
Yeah.
Well, okay.
So.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm kind of talking about circles here.
All right.
So we've reached a point of agreement here.
You agree that your church got infiltrated by Boogans.
Yeah.
It's confusing.
We need to find Arden.
Shit.
Well, what do you, what should I do?
Tell us about her.
Hmm.
She liked the church.
And she liked talking to people.
And she liked prayer.
She likes fire.
Ooh.
That's normal for the church.
Right.
She never said where she was from?
No.
We never really asked.
We're not very social.
Why are people in your church turning into vampires and doing cow blood magic in a pee room?
I don't know.
It's possible, I suppose, that she was a vampire before she came to our church.
I think we need to notify the higher ups.
Yeah.
No.
I mean, what, didn't she get sent here on some sort of mission that would then involve
you like reporting back to the people that sent you on a mission?
Yeah.
I was kind of putting it off.
I think, I think we need to fill them in.
Yeah, yeah.
How do we, we got a table talk.
How do we go about reconnecting with our higher ups?
Well, you could like send them a letter where you could like go in person.
I say we take the prior and passions and go back with these relics and some evidence
of what we've done and touch base back home.
Yeah.
That sounds like a good idea.
We still got our wagon with those horses.
This has been like a day, two days.
How long have you been here in this town?
I think two days.
I hope our horses aren't dead because we just kind of left them behind that barn.
Right.
The barn, yeah.
The barn wasn't attached to the fell house.
It was just nearby.
Okay.
It's probably not.
All right.
We take the prior.
We take passions and we head back to the church, to touch base.
Should we take Stiffen Wang?
I mean, I know what your answer is going to be.
They're orphans.
Okay.
We take the children too.
We take Stiffen Wang.
I mean, they're church orphans.
Yeah, yeah.
The priors got a lot of cleaning up to do.
When you get to them.
We're taking him.
Yeah.
The fells have a lot of cleaning up to do.
We'll leave them be.
They'll be safe now.
Should we take passions or should we leave passions to clean up?
Or should we take passions with us?
Okay.
Passions.
And the prior.
Stiff.
Wang.
Let's everybody get in.
No fells.
All right.
Take any material you need from the church and the reparation of your home.
You think we're going to make it into a community center?
Not a reference.
Just like, you know, the building.
It's interesting.
A secular kind of approach.
Obviously religion has failed this community.
Right.
Perhaps civic mindedness can take its place.
Perhaps.
I like your style, Tom.
Yeah, man.
I think the next time I see you, you're going to be called Tom Rose.
Because you're Jewish, but like Rose, like he rose up.
Right.
All right.
Away back to our church elders.
We're so bad at this.
So you're standing.
I can't believe we leveled up in the last one.
All we did was yell a lot and pull a guy's pants down.
I think if you're level one and you hit a little girl in the face, you just jumped to level
two.
We started at level two.
He gave us level two.
But now we're level three.
Right.
Well, you're pretty hard.
So you're still in the church.
You're still in the church.
And what do you call it?
Diarrhea, Jr.
He looks bad.
He looks not good.
He's like sweaty.
Oh, boy.
He looks really sick.
Uh-oh.
He falls down.
All right.
I...
Shit.
Okay.
Well, I don't...
I still have the same old spells.
I can't detect.
Right, yeah.
Do you want to...
Hey, prior, you said you had eyes that can see this shit.
Is he succumbing to the pneumonia?
Or did Arden the Mist vampire go into him?
I think that and other things.
I think he might have a demon in him.
He also looks like he has mummy rot.
DJ's got mummy rot and a demon and vampire mist.
Oh, no.
Jesus.
That's my prognosis.
Do you have any spells, Carlos, to help us out or to check him out?
No, I mean, I would be using the offensive load out from when I was level two and all I have left is...
I use perception on him to see what's going on with him.
Eleven.
Oh, man.
You can see that his skin is pale in a trackable pattern and it seems to go underneath his clothes.
Fuck.
It's like a gradient.
He's getting progressively more pale underneath his clothes.
All right.
Let's get his clothes off.
We're going to tend to this.
This is an emergency.
All right.
You see the...
You rip off his shirt and you see on his chest there's like a keyhole and it's like the source of all this paleness.
It's like...
Oh, the hole above his heart.
Yeah.
I remember something about this.
It happened.
From our backstory.
I look...
Is one of those relics I took a key?
No.
Shit.
He's got... he's slowly dying or slowly being taken over by something.
Yeah.
Right?
Well, who are you asking?
You, Spencer.
No, I'm not telling you anything.
Oh, I'm using my perception of watching what's happening here.
Is my knowledge of our...
He just seems sick.
I have knowledge, you know, Arcana.
I got it.
He seems like he has got some sort of crazy magical, like some sort of curse-related magic.
Like bad juju magic.
We got to get him back to the church then, probably.
Right?
Right.
This isn't like something that happened to him.
This is something that's part of his...
I remember...
I have a past with him.
I remember something about this keyhole in his chest.
You don't remember very much about it, but yes.
But the reason why he's unconscious is he got knocked out by one of the girls, right?
Well, he came back.
He got re-conscious after it.
Oh, so he's been conscious now.
He's just started to look sick.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's get to the wagon and just get him back.
Let's get him home, yeah.
We can't do anything for him.
Absolutely.
All right.
And we're all coming, right?
We should maybe get a bigger wagon.
Yeah.
Do you have another wagon here, prior?
I'll find one.
Okay, great.
Or stiff and wang.
It could be adopted by the fells, and then we don't need a bigger wagon.
I mean, that's going to be a lot of paperwork.
Okay, we take the wagon by the fells house and say, hey, do you guys want to take care
of these little girls?
The fells aren't there.
Wait, where are they?
At the church.
They're with us.
Yep.
We asked them right now.
Okay.
Hey, do you want to take care of these little girls?
We don't have room in the wagon.
Sure, why not?
Let's just live at the church that we're calling the community center now.
Fantastic.
All right.
We've got a church business.
Stiff, wang, Tom, Bonnie, Gary.
Cliff.
It's been real.
It's been fun.
But it has been real fun.
And we pop in our wagon with Patchens and the Pryor.
And I take one of those.
I think that one, like the mutant boogity arm that I took off.
I keep that as evidence to show people back home what's going on.
All right.
Hyah!
Hyah, indeed.
You're traveling, you're traveling back to the home office.
Oh, man.
It's mostly uneventful until nightfall.
It's been a, let's say it's been a day of travel so you can reset your spells if you
want.
We sleep and reset our spells.
All right.
I'm going to pick a load out.
Pick a load out, baby.
Pick a load out.
Pick a load for me.
Pick a load for free.
Pick a load out, Carlos.
And put your spell right on, right on.
You put the spell right on me.
But at night while you're making camp and sleeping and being like blissfully unaware
and stuff, attacks happen.
You get attacked.
What?
Oh, boy.
It's bad news.
You're awoken by the sounds of screaming.
It's the Pryor.
It's screaming.
There's a, there's, they look like banditos.
They're surrounding your encampment.
I have picked the offensive load out to see, you know.
Banditos.
All right.
Wow.
There's banditos and me with my offensive load out.
Gentlemen.
You look like people who have lost your way spiritually.
Sure, yeah.
That can be dangerous.
Yeah.
For, for everybody involved.
We have nothing to offer you.
Why don't you just go on your way?
We are but simple men of a cloth.
The church, the silver flame.
Oh, you got something all right.
Yeah.
I'm going to look at you with like a knowing look.
I give him a knowing look back and say, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We do got something.
We got a fucking fist to put up your butt.
All right.
Well, you know, they got weapons and you guys don't have weapons right now because like
you're asleep.
So do you want to like grab your weapons?
What do you want to have?
I always sleep near my chelly.
So I have near your weapons, but it's like, you know, now we're in like combat time kind
of so.
I run to my weapons.
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
Who would?
All right.
Well, they attack you guys then.
Well, I think they're going to regret this.
All right.
Well, they might.
So the ones in back, you see about six of them.
That's all you can see.
But you know, you're just waking up and it's hard to say they shoot arrows, but most of
the arrows miss.
The only one hits hits Chad for six damage.
God damn it.
You take an arrow in the shoulder.
All right.
I'm using my, let's see.
I'm going to use my defensive load on this one and I, and I cure my light wounds.
Oh, guy.
Sorry.
You cure five wounds.
How much damage do you take?
Six.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
And I, I take the arrow out and I, and I put it between my fingers and make it like a middle
finger and hold it up like that.
You do that.
And I just fucking hold that like, like that's that, like that was enough for now.
Is it my turn?
No, it's Dan.
I know your name.
Can I ask you a quick question about those, those, that, that my ability to convert any
spell of a certain level to a healing spell, does that, so then does that also count for
level two spells?
Yeah.
Okay.
So it keeps going beyond that too.
Yeah.
That's why I don't have healed spells.
Right.
I don't.
Yeah.
I don't put them in any of the loadouts for that reason.
And so it's a level one and level two spells that I, that can be turned into that.
Okay.
Well, gentlemen, I got to tell you.
There, salvation takes many forms, and it's about to take the form of a giant ant, summon
giant ant.
All right.
Yeah.
Is that a level one or a level two giant?
Level two.
Okay.
How many level ones and twos do we get?
Three.
Three apiece?
That's not a full question.
Okay, how many level ones do I get a day?
Three.
Okay.
Great.
And level twos?
Two.
Okay.
All right.
Use summon a giant ant.
It looks really frenzied and angry.
It's antennae are waving.
Oh boy.
What do you want it to do?
Attack the banditos.
That makes sense.
All right.
It misses.
It lunges at the bandito, but he rolls out of the way.
The banditos, they continue their onslaught.
They close in and they seem to be closing in surrounding pachens and diarrhea, who are
sleeping nearby each other and both seemingly unconscious even during the melee.
Hey, leave them alone.
They don't.
You guys don't have some kind of bandito code?
What?
You don't have a bandito code?
I don't know what you're talking about, Stab.
All right.
You're talking to banditos with stabbing weapons.
Yeah.
Diarrhea and pachens get stabbed.
Oh Jesus Christ.
Diarrhea takes much worse of a stabbing and pachens screams and bolts up right awake.
This is awful.
Oh yeah.
This isn't my turn.
Now it's the priors turn.
Is he tied up?
No, no.
He's part of the gang now.
He runs away.
What's fucking?
We don't need that guy.
The ship sails faster without the anchor, Carlos.
All right.
It's Jeff's turn now.
Is there vegetation where we are right now?
Oh yeah.
Well then, guess what everybody?
Entangle.
Oh man.
It's great.
All the plants nearby, they start coming alive, wriggling and waving and entangling.
They're grabbing the banditos.
Oh man.
How many do they grab?
One, two, three.
All right.
They get three of the banditos.
They're caught fast.
The rest of them are like just hacking at the bushes and trying to stay from being entangled.
They're kind of like being, what do you call it, occupied by the vines and stuff.
It's taken their attentions away.
All right, Carlos.
I got distracted by plant life.
Sounds like a good time to inflict light wounds.
Can I make a pitch?
Inflict heavy wounds.
Well, I don't know how to do that yet.
I mean, you have a weapon.
I'm still working my way up the bridge.
Okay.
All right.
Starting light.
You grab one of the guy's arms, his sword-wielding arm, and it shrivels in skinny fies like it's
withering before your very eyes.
Like a big part of his body just kind of shrivels up like a husk.
Nice.
And that was a light wound.
All right.
The banditos do stuff.
What about my aunt, though?
Not to be too much of an expert.
No, that's a good call.
I forgot.
He misses again.
That's, sorry.
I'm going to switch dice, how about?
I feel like I accidentally summoned like a regular aunt, like a woman that married my
uncle, just swinging a rolling pin.
All right.
The withered guy, he starts making an exit.
He's like trying to escape.
The other two, they kind of, or not the other two, the other banditos, they kind of split
their forces.
One of them continues, or half of them like continued, they're like grab it, patch it and
stabbing them and like dragging them away.
And the other ones are turning to fight you guys.
These guys are such bad people.
So they don't actually hurt patchings as far as you can tell.
But they're trying to drag them off?
Yeah, they are.
But they are stabbing at you guys.
Oh, fucking it.
They only hit you.
They hit you each for two damage.
So that's their turns.
The prior is still gone.
A quick question, because that's a new spell for me.
If I want to cast a bark skin and harden my skin, is that something I do prior to an
attack or during an attack?
Well, it's a standard action, so you cast it whenever, but it lasts for like a minute.
So probably do it before.
Okay, I don't do it.
I've never seen that before.
All right.
Wait, I got tree shape.
I turn into a tree?
Yeah.
That'll be helpful.
I'm not doing that.
That's just good to have in the bag.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm just attacking nearest Bandito with Morningstar.
I think it's Jester.
Oh.
Hey, Carlos, start hitting people like they're little girls.
Man, that's how you smashed that little girl in the face?
We need to be on the same side.
This couldn't be more metaphorical.
Who cares who voted for Bernie and who voted for Hillary?
Let's just beat the Banditos.
Wow.
Bad hombres.
Jeff, what are you doing?
I vote for Bernie.
Firebolt.
Firebolt 101.
Feel the burn.
All right.
You catch one of them on fire.
He's got his fire.
He's on fire.
He's running around on fire.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
We should have just ended down that laugh.
No, we got to beat these Banditos.
Yeah, we got one more minute or two, so Carlos, lay it down.
Morningstar.
On the guy who stabbed Patchens.
All right, you miss.
That makes up my aunt's turn, and his victories will be mine.
What is he going to do?
The aunt?
Yeah.
He's just attacking Banditos.
I mean, he's an aunt.
All right.
How big is his aunt, by the way?
What are we talking?
It's a giant aunt.
Yeah.
It could be like the size of a bumblebee.
It's as big as a shoe.
It doesn't take much for an aunt to be giant, does it?
How big an aunt are we looking at right now?
I don't know.
Let's say like the size of a mule.
Oh, shit.
That's a big aunt.
It's thrashing around.
All right.
Get a muley.
He misses again.
I'm so sorry.
Every time, like what are the odds of rolling the same number on a dice three times?
Well, it's 80,000.
Who cares?
All right.
Well, now it's my turn.
The Banditos, they stab Patchen's a couple more times.
She don't.
Patchen's.
They're just so cowardly.
You see the ones that don't stab him.
They take everything.
They take his clothes off, they like strip his clothes off and then they like strip him
down naked.
Poor Patchen's.
All he did was back us up, you know, like it's just feel awful for him.
All right.
Those guys, their tasks completed.
They bone out.
What?
They just stole Patchen's and left?
Well, no.
They leave him bleeding on the floor.
They took his clothes?
Yeah.
So these are just, just really just Banditos who needed clothes.
Did they get the relics?
No, no.
Not yet.
You should have clothes?
Yeah.
There's still, there's still a couple that are fighting you, but those ones that were
going after Patchen's are kind of boning out.
We could have had some kind of drive for you guys.
We're a church and you're stealing clothes from us.
It's like robbing the toys for Tott's barrel.
It's for Tott's already.
All right, I attack with my morning star.
All right.
Someone.
Oh man.
You blast him in the head and he goes down.
You see his, his helmet is bent.
He's wearing a helmet.
This guy.
He's the only one.
I walk over and I take his clothes off and I put him on Patchen's.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
Let's hear it for Spencer Crittenden and everybody.
It's here for Kevin Day, Sarah Hill, Harry Foster on Sound Tonight, church.
Who else we got?
Kris Boruff.
But I already say Kevin Day.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
I'm Jared Harmon.
Thank you so much for coming.
You're mayor.
Mr. Dan Harmon.
Make it bendy though.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.